README.md, before:

# Web interface of weather monitor settings

This web interface is designed to work together with the weather monitor https://github.com/himikat123/Weather-monitor-BIM32

## Page live preview: https://himikat123.github.io/Web-Interface-BIM/

### some screenshots:
<p align="center"><img src="img/status.png" alt="web interface BIM "></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/connections.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/sensors.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/display.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/sound.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/alarm.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/comfort.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>

###
Start debugging
    `npm start`

or

Build project `npm run build` then in file **/build/index.html** move the `<script>...</script>` tag along with its contents between tags `</body>` and `</html>`

and then run `gulp`


## Public to gihub-pages
`npm run deploy`

Commit message:

replacing gulp with node script

README.md, after:

# Web interface of weather monitor settings

This web interface is designed to work together with the weather monitor https://github.com/himikat123/Weather-monitor-BIM32

## Page live preview: https://himikat123.github.io/Web-Interface-BIM/

### some screenshots:
<p align="center"><img src="img/status.png" alt="web interface BIM "></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/connections.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/sensors.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/display.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/sound.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/alarm.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>
<p align="center"><img src="img/comfort.png" alt="web interface BIM"></p>

###
Start debugging
    `npm start`

or

Build project `npm run build` then in file **/build/index.html** move the `<script>...</script>` tag along with its contents between tags `</body>` and `</html>`

and then run `gulp`


## Public to gihub-pages
in file **/package.json** replace **homepage_** with **homepage**
then `npm run deploy`
